**You can access the code in the master branch**
This project started out when i was learning the MERN stack and was stuck in a tutorial hell for a long time. So instead of watching another tutorial on a “How to make X” I thought i would do everything from scratch only with google and a bit of help from chatGPT

So let’s go through the process together

1. The beginnings: The project started with a simple wireframe on figma for the desktop and the mobile versions. Then, I jotted down the features I want to add in this site.
2. Vite do you mean?: The second step was starting a reactJS project with vite and setting up the folder structure with pages and components. I also set up tailwind in this stage and setup the basic css required with the main colours and other stylings. At this point i had started working on the frontend with the help of dummy HTML generated by chatGPT.
3. Its great to be back(end): Setting up the backend was the next step. I had made another folder in the project dir called backend and I setup node in the same. For the database I had connected MongoDB with mongoose and I had setup my account using MongoDB atlas 
4. The making of the API: I set up routes for each function i would want in the site for eg: Login, Logout, CRUD functions on Blog, Comment, Like.
5. How do they talk?: Spinning up two servers i could send Axios HTTP request to the API to do the specific functioning and then take the response and show it in the frontend
6. The end? or the future?: My vision with this project would be to integrate machine learning and make a similar posts sections based on the various data points
